useRouteName (#9758)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/router.md

}
```

## useRouteName

> Use the `useRouteName()` hook to get the name of the current route (the page
> the user is currently visiting). The name can then also be used with `routes`
> if needed to dynamically get the url to the current page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `useRouteName()` hook to get the name of the current route (the page
the user is currently visiting). The name can then also be used with `routes`
if you need to dynamically get the url to the current page:
```
